Business Case
In the recent past, the industry of wealth management has seen a lot of growth. Every individual or business actively searches for opportunities to get the maximum returns. However, in most of the cases, they either lack the skills to identify the right investment opportunity, or there is a shortage of time for finding these opportunities. Hence, this gave rise to the dedicated individuals who perform this task on behalf of the investors for a commission - Portfolio managers.
 
A portfolio manager makes investment decisions and carries out other related activities on behalf of vested investors. They work with a team of analysts and researchers, and their main objective is to realise the needs of the investor and suggest a suitable portfolio that meets all the expectations. They are responsible for establishing the best investment strategy, selecting appropriate investments along with the right allocation. However, in doing so, they face a lot of competition in the form of other portfolio managers and rival firms. Therefore, the portfolio manager has to use the available resources to provide the best solution to the investor.
 
Consider yourself working for an associate at an investment firm that manages accounts for private clients. Your role requires you to analyse a portfolio of stocks to provide consultation on investment management based on client’s requirement.

Your task is to provide consultation to two different investors, Mr Patrick Jyenger and Mr Peter Jyenger based on their requirements and financial objectives. You can refer to the elements mentioned in the video to develop the investor persona. 
Mr. Patrick Jyengar aims to maintain a decent standard of living after his retirement. He has always been a conservative investor and currently has available capital of $1 million. His investment plan is to allocate $500,000 in a magazine called Naturo for a minority stake and the remaining $500,000 in equities. He expects to double his capital within five years with less risk, in order to buy a minority portion of Naturo.

On the other hand, Mr. Peter Jyengar, consistent with his risk-taking attitude, prefers high-return investments. He believes that even if he faces occasional losses, he can recover. He plans to invest $1 million from his company's cash and cash equivalents in high-margin stocks. His goal is to achieve high returns within five years, which he intends to use for the inorganic expansion of JWW. 
You must perform the required steps for both the individuals after understanding the investor persona independently.
